---
title: 'CV of falures'
date: 2020-05-03
permalink: /posts/2020/cv_fail
tags:
  - learn
  - life
  - funny
---

<i>"The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing."</i>  
<span style="color:gray">- Henry Ford</span>

  
Contact email: vcuspinera@gmail.com
Website: https://vcuspinera.github.io/

## About this document
This is the CV of my failures. I heard of this from Mike Gelbart, [look here](https://www.mikegelbart.com/files/cv.pdf).

Success tends to be more visible than failures, and this attempt to bring in some balance. In my case I have been perseverant with my aims, but I have fall over several times in the way. This document includes my academic and professional failures sitting in 2022, probably I have missed some of them.

## Education (_degree programs I didn't get into_)
2019 &ensp; Universität Konstanz, PhD in Decision Sciences  
2019 &ensp; UC Santa Barbara, PhD in Economics  
2019 &ensp; North Carolina State University, PhD in Economics  
2019 &ensp; Wharton School at University of Pennsylvania, PhD in Economics  
2012 &ensp; Universidad Carlos III, Master in Economic Development and Growth  
2012 &ensp; Stanford University, MSc Management Science and Engineering  
2011 &ensp; Boston University, MA in Economics  
2011 &ensp; Università di Bologna, Master in Economics  
2011 &ensp; Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, MSc in Economics  
2011 &ensp; Center for Monetary and Financial Studies, Master in Economics and Finance  
2011 &ensp; University of British Columbia, MA in Economics  
2002 &ensp; Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Bachelor in Actuarial Science  

## Employment (_jobs I didn't get_)
2021 &ensp; Banco de México, Head of Information Office  
2020 &ensp; Banco de México, Head of the Research & Development Office  
2017 &ensp; Banco de México, Head of Banknotes Processing Office  
2017 &ensp; Banco de México, Head of Statistics Office  
2015 &ensp; Banco de México, Head of Numismatic Marketing Office  
2013 &ensp; FED, Summer Internship  
2007 &ensp; Santander bank, Back Office Operator  
2007 &ensp; Mapfre insurance company, Actuary  
2007 &ensp; Santander bank, Young leaders program  

## Awards (_scholarships I didn't get_)
2019 &ensp; Conacyt  
2012 &ensp; SEP Complementary Scholarship  
2012 &ensp; Conacyt  
2012 &ensp; Erasmus Mundus  
2011 &ensp; Fundación Carolina  
2011 &ensp; The Chevening  
2011 &ensp; Banco de Mexico Scholarship

## Others
2009-2011 &ensp; Toefl and IELTS. I did 7 times the iBT Toefl, 1 time the Toefl Computer based and 1 time the IELTS test, but didn't get the minimum English language requirements.  
2010-2012 &ensp; GRE. I did 4 times the GRE until getting appropiate scores for applying to graduate programs.  